queries.md, before:

# Database Queries

## find all customers that live in London. Returns 6 records.

```sql
select * from customers
where city like 'London'
```

## find all customers with postal code 1010. Returns 3 customers.

```sql
select * from customers
where postalcode like '1010'
```

## find the phone number for the supplier with the id 11. Should be (010) 9984510.

```sql
select phone from suppliers
where supplierid like '11'
```

## list orders descending by the order date. The order with date 1997-02-12 should be at the top.

## find all suppliers who have names longer than 20 characters. You can use `length(SupplierName)` to get the length of the name. Returns 11 records.

## find all customers that include the word "market" in the name. Should return 4 records.

## add a customer record for _"The Shire"_, the contact name is _"Bilbo Baggins"_ the address is _"1 Hobbit-Hole"_ in _"Bag End"_, postal code _"111"_ and the country is _"Middle Earth"_.

## update _Bilbo Baggins_ record so that the postal code changes to _"11122"_.

## list orders grouped by customer showing the number of orders per customer. _Rattlesnake Canyon Grocery_ should have 7 orders.

## list customers names and the number of orders per customer. Sort the list by number of orders in descending order. _Ernst Handel_ should be at the top with 10 orders followed by _QUICK-Stop_, _Rattlesnake Canyon Grocery_ and _Wartian Herkku_ with 7 orders each.

## list orders grouped by customer's city showing number of orders per city. Returns 58 Records with _Aachen_ showing 2 orders and _Albuquerque_ showing 7 orders.

## delete all users that have no orders. Should delete 17 (or 18 if you haven't deleted the record added) records.

Commit message:

queries: List orders by date

queries.md, after:

# Database Queries

## find all customers that live in London. Returns 6 records.

```sql
select * from customers
where city like 'London'
```

## find all customers with postal code 1010. Returns 3 customers.

```sql
select * from customers
where postalcode like '1010'
```

## find the phone number for the supplier with the id 11. Should be (010) 9984510.

```sql
select phone from suppliers
where supplierid like '11'
```

## list orders descending by the order date. The order with date 1997-02-12 should be at the top.

```sql
select * from orders
order by orderdate desc
```

## find all suppliers who have names longer than 20 characters. You can use `length(SupplierName)` to get the length of the name. Returns 11 records.

## find all customers that include the word "market" in the name. Should return 4 records.

## add a customer record for _"The Shire"_, the contact name is _"Bilbo Baggins"_ the address is _"1 Hobbit-Hole"_ in _"Bag End"_, postal code _"111"_ and the country is _"Middle Earth"_.

## update _Bilbo Baggins_ record so that the postal code changes to _"11122"_.

## list orders grouped by customer showing the number of orders per customer. _Rattlesnake Canyon Grocery_ should have 7 orders.

## list customers names and the number of orders per customer. Sort the list by number of orders in descending order. _Ernst Handel_ should be at the top with 10 orders followed by _QUICK-Stop_, _Rattlesnake Canyon Grocery_ and _Wartian Herkku_ with 7 orders each.

## list orders grouped by customer's city showing number of orders per city. Returns 58 Records with _Aachen_ showing 2 orders and _Albuquerque_ showing 7 orders.

## delete all users that have no orders. Should delete 17 (or 18 if you haven't deleted the record added) records.
